Davin was talking to Caden.

"Man I love cheese", Davin said.

I think this is going to be the longest trip that I have ever been on.

On Friday we had a flight to Amsterdam.

It was 8 hours there and 8 hours back.

By the time we got to our hotel and I showered I was exhausted.

We just ordered room service for dinner, so I just went to bed.

Since we had an early flight the next day, we were up at 3: 30 a. m. to make sure we were on the road by 4: 00 a. m.

We had been warned about long lines at check in at the airport and our luggage getting lost, so we were armed with the tickets, passports, boarding passes and all the necessities for the trip.

We were able to check in and were through security and on our way to the gate.

Then we were told that it wasn't possible to get on our flight and that we would have to be rebooked.

"Oh no Caden what are we going to do!"

I thought.

I don't remember if I told Davin about getting back on the same plane but what a pain in the neck.

We were rebooked and only had to wait 15 minutes before boarding the flight again.

Caden hopped on the plane.

"Whew" Caden said.

He got to sit with the pilot for the first part of the flight.

The kid is so proud of himself for being able to do that.

I think he has won the airline rewards program.

Well it turns out we were rebooked for a flight in April to Seattle.

Our flight left that evening and then we had a 12 hour layover.

We thought about our options.

We could rent a car and drive to the cruise ship or we could make the 12 hour layover in Seattle the best 12 hours of Caden's life.

"Whew" He was able to do it!

Not only did he sleep 12 hours in the airport, but he saw four plays in his own theater.

We were able to have lunch with Davin and Ashley, toured the Space Needle and saw a fantastic play, Thoroughly Modern Millie.

I didn't make any really great meals, but here are a few.

I did make a noodle salad, but I was only using pasta, but I did roast the cauliflower and put sour cream and cheese on it.

Davin ate it, he was impressed.

I have to get this recipe.

Caden liked it, but Davin wouldn't even touch it.

I think it would be a great first dinner.

It's really easy and tastes good!

Take a head of cauliflower and rinse it well.

Slice it into 1 / 2 inch cubes.

I used fresh cauliflower, but you can use frozen if you want it to stay fresh.

We threw the roasted cauliflower in the Crock Pot for an hour with two sliced carrots and two sliced onions.

I cooked this on low.

"Who is this?" says Caden.

I love a good almond croissant.

This one is from Panera.

I got one with chives and something else.

I could have bought a whole one and shared it with Caden and Davin, but they are so good.

My friend, the International Space Station, was on the news tonight.

Well, I hope it was the International Space Station.

If it wasn't, it's ok.

It was up there, just the same.

This is one of those things that I thought about when I saw it, but it didn't really register that I was looking at the International Space Station until they showed a picture.

I am pretty sure that it's a picture of the ISS, but who knows?

Caden noticed it too.

As a matter of fact, he has been running around saying "It's the International Space Station Mommy!

You got the right camera!"

What else do we need to do to make sure he is really paying attention?

Here is a link to the station.

We also need to watch tonight.

If you want to see it, then turn on the TV at 7pm.

We will be out of town on Saturday night so I won't see it then.

There have been some really cool things happening.

We are just happy that we can see them.

Caden was on the horse ride with no hands.

He liked it.

I don't think that Davin liked the horses as much.

And we got to ride in the car with no hands.

We thought it would be cool to have a cow, but there wasn't one there.

Davin, Caden and I went up into this little town for some lunch.

The outdoor restaurant was outside of this town and we saw these buildings.

They are holding their annual arts festival on Saturday and we plan to go check it out.

We saw these people last year and thought they were really cool.

It's an antique swap meet.

Cool looking store if you ever get a chance to see it.

Caden had a book reading and he did a great job.

He really wanted to do the dance and he had all the hand motions.

After the reading, he showed me all the books that he had read.

He was so proud!

Caden is really working hard on reading.

"Pretty good for a 6 year old" Davin said.

Caden does really well with his sounds.

Davin is one of those parents that has a hard time really knowing what his son is interested in.

Most of the time Caden is too busy doing his own thing.

This week he seems to be really interested in reading.

It is something that he enjoys and he has gotten really good at sounding things out and knowing that the letters have different sounds.

We went to the library for story time and Caden was listening to the lady read.

She asked all the kids to tell her a word.

Caden told her "mine" and kept saying "my."

We have heard him say "mine" a few times before but it has always been in context.

He hasn't been too interested in pretending to be a mommy lately, so it was just kind of funny that he said it in a storytime.

"Wowie that's cool for a 104 year old," Caden was telling Davin while he was at work today.

Caden asked me what an old person was.

I told him that people older than him were old.

He had never even thought about it before.

I explained that the oldest person that I know of is Grandma.

He asked what she looks like and I told him that she is probably really old and has a lot of wrinkles.

We got into this big discussion about old people.

I mentioned that Caden also looks like Grandma, because his Grandma is really old.

And I told him that when he gets old he will look just like Grandpa.

He was very serious about this and we talked about it for a long time.