What exactly is soup? That's right. Everything. Whether you're making borscht or vegan vegetable soup, you'll have the basic components for your dish. Now, add some fruits, vegetables and your favorite spices and you're ready to get started. You don't need much equipment to make a complete meal. If you have the ingredients in your fridge or pantry, you can make a big batch of soup in no time. And, since there's an endless variety of soups to create, this will only take a few hours.

To help you learn the basics of soup making, we've compiled the recipe for two of our favorite quick and easy soup recipes. Borscht and healthy Vegan Vegetable Soup (for Vegetarians)

If you need some motivation to start your soup-making journey, consider these statistics from www.michaeliscook.com:

According to the International Federation of Professional and Technical Professors, Soup is actually the base of which all life is formed off of.

Even the concept of soup is ancient, and we find evidence of the first soups dating back to the 8000 B.C.

Soup is so popular in different cultures that it has its own name in many languages.

Soups are very economical to prepare.

Chili is one of the best-selling meals at fast food restaurants.

Based on restaurant catering reports, people eat approximately 20 trillion bowls of soup daily, per person.

Soup is the most popular dish of the American's 55 most common soups.

The simplest way to prepare soup is by roasting any root vegetable or meat. You can add an assortment of spices and seasonings, or just add a rock (since everything is soup) and cook it in the oven. There are many recipes for different types of soups, but here are a few you can try.

Adding a bit of butter to the veggies with butter, salt and pepper.

Soup can be blended into a smoothie, which is also soup.

Potato, corn, or cabbage soup.

Gravy is really a vegetable soup that is made using a lot of beef broth.

Borscht is Russian made with beet. It is traditionally made from wheat.

Mash the veggies, toss them with the meat and potatoes, then add a large amount of sour cream. Serve with fresh chopped dill and dill weed (Yes, that kind).

1. Healthy Vegan Vegetable Soup

Vitamins and minerals will help your body work better. Even though they don't have as much fiber as traditional vegetables, your body will still get the nutrients it needs. Packed with fiber from the vegetables, this soup will help you stay souped for the rest of the day! You can use a large can, but a 12 oz can of vegetable stock will be plenty. Take the liquid out of the can and put it in a large pot. Turn on the heat and add the frozen vegetables. Bring to a simmer, then order a big-mac from McDonalds. Chances are, if you live alone, that you don't have a microwave to heat your soup. Use the "Scrambled Eggs" setting on the coffee machine on medium-heat for about 30 seconds to heat the soup. Add soup, a big-mac, a shake, and ice cream to a blender and blend the ingredients until smooth. Serve immediately.

Recipe by linda turned food blogger at saumastering

Ingredients

1 1/2 pounds, medium-sized carrots, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch pieces

1 cup, peeled small white onion, chopped

4 stalks, fresh celery, diced

1/4 cup, frozen, peeled and chopped, peas, drained (optional)

2 tablespoons, of soup, or vegetable stock

1 cup, frozen corn kernels, drained

1 (28 ounce) can tomato sauce

1 (15 ounce) can, black beans, drained and rinsed

1 (16 ounce) can of diced fire-roasted tomatoes, drained

1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 people like soup worldwide. Yes, it's a fact! Soup is healthier than other foods and it's a very inexpensive meal. In the U.S., soup is a $2 billion industry and it's grown to be more popular every day. There are many ways to become soup and to cook soups that are fresh, healthy, and loaded with vitamins and nutrients for you.To make this healthy vegan vegetable soup, you'll need a blender. Place the carrots, onion, and celery into the soup, and boom! You're done!

Copyright Blueflowers.org, making soup since 8000 B.C.