Davin, Caden, and Jayden were pestering Caden about his age. Jayden decides to look up, "When was Caden born" on Google. Jayden immediately finds Cadens age in a Spokane newspaper. It says Caden was born in 1997.

Jimmy: "Look at this, Caden's been saying that for the last fifteen years."

Jayden: "But Jimmy the newspaper says he was born in 1997."

The episode ends with a hilarious montage, including Jayden calling his grandparents and uncle and aunt and some random kid he met from the mall. He's acting like the "crappy little kid from the mall"

Davin asks what Jayden's middle name is and Jayden answers, "Jayden," without skipping a beat.

Caden is confused why Jayden's middle name is Jayden, what crazy parents must he have?

Caden: "Jayden."

Davin: "Jayden."

Jayden: "Jayden."

Davin: "Jayden."

Jayden: "Jayden."

We still don't know what Jayden's middle name is, so we'll have to wait for next week's "Adventures in Babysitting" to find out.

In case you're wondering what Jayden's official middle name is, it's Douglas, which was James's middle name.

Caden watches the episode and tells Jayden, "Wow your middle name really is 'Jayden.'" Jayden replies, "My middle name is not 'Jayden' it's Douglas."

But then, Jayden thinks he looks bad, because in a commercial for the Vancouver Winter Olympics (coming in February, maybe?), Jayden was offered a job, but after thinking for a second, Jayden turns down the job. The commercial mentions, "Do the right thing. Never give up."

Davin says, "Wow that's the first time you've ever turned down a job." Jayden corrects him, "It's not a job. It's a job offer."

The episode ended with a special message for all of you viewers, something about Jayden getting his driver's license in just under two years.

Well that wraps up another wonderful episode of "Adventures in Babysitting."

Too soon?

To be continued...

We'll be back next week with more awesome content and more "Crazy Little Kid Story" goodness, so don't miss it!

Written by Tristen Ramos

Forty thoughts

I love the fact that the episode ended with a car commercial for the Olympics. This time I liked the way the video was shot, instead of making it like a giant film where Caden drives to a random store and asks for a cell phone or somethiiiiiiiing.

I really loved that Jayden and his friends were able to trap Jayden in the bathroom, but I also feel bad for Jayden, that was some intense verbal assault.

I really hope that they bring back Mr. Weiss from Season 1. He could really use a vacation.

The fact that Jayden ended up getting his license so fast was really surprising to me. Maybe I've been watching too much "Glee," but I didn't think they'd be pushing him so soon.